Emphasize Play is Community driven + Offer Pekko AND Akka (#546)
playframework/playframework.com: public/markdown/community-process.md

## Project ownership

> The Play project source code is licensed under the Apache 2 License.  The steering committeehas the final say on both product decisions and technical decisions for the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Play project source code is licensed under the Apache 2 License.  The steering committee has the final say on both product decisions and technical decisions for the project.
```
